at a jungle hut this female signs are so
despite think totally wild
somehow she is what don't what to do
with it later
orangutans have an opposable thumb that
allows them to grasp and handle objects
with precision over 20 years ago a
rescue orangutan learned how to solve by
watching people constructing the huts
here but this is a totally different and
wild orangutan she seems to take pride
in her work even clearing away the
sawdust she's so smart she uses her feet
or device to steady the branch filming
wild born and free living orangutan
mastering this complex task is
remarkable
but no she's not the only orangutan
sawing
spy orangutan has joined her
simply bringing out a competitive streak
she's becoming even more enthusiastic
[Music]
but for a novice sawing it's tiring work
she's lost all momentum
[Music]
then finally colder today spy orangutans
may have machine-like stamina that is
the astonishing and versatile mind of
the real orangutan that's one the day
she certainly earned her rest
Oh